Earlier that year, I played what is called simultaneous exhibition against 32 of the world's best chess-playing machines in Hamburg, Germany.
Now there was one English author who anticipated this kind of future where we would trade away our autonomy and freedom for comfort.
And I think robotics gives people a chance to have dignity as they get older by having control of the robotic solution.
We're creating a global community, and a large global community, where we'll be able to measure and compare what we achieve.
But it does have the potential to make us feel guilty when we think about decisions we might have made around where to travel to, how often and how, about the energy that we choose to use in our homes or in our workplaces, or quite simply the lifestyles that we lead and enjoy.
They gave me a legacy, and with that legacy comes a responsibility, and I am dedicated to making my country an even better America, to making our government an even truer democracy, and because of the heroes that I have and the struggles that we've gone through, I can stand before you as a gay Japanese-American, but even more than that, I am a proud American.
I mean, I know I'm with a sympathetic audience here, but, as we know, a lot of people are not entirely persuaded by this logic.
I know what happens in the brain, when you do become in love, but I don't know why you fall in love with one person rather than another.
After a little while, I ask her what she's doing, and she shows me a drawing of a £5 note to give to the man outside.
It's something so old-fashioned, but if you don't respect your own word of honor and you leave before — that's not my problem.
A couple of years later — so I get really excited about these things — about a couple of years later, there was a 13-month-old, she was from Canada.
Yet the moment we speak about prisons, it's as though we're back in Dickensian times, if not medieval times.
So, if you believe the media accounts, being a drug dealer in the height of the crack cocaine epidemic was a very glamorous life, in the words of Virginia Postrel.
Or like Henkel, the German consumer-goods company, who are using social plastic directly into their manufacturing.
I think this is what David Deutsch meant in 2005, when he ended his Oxford TEDTalk by saying he had two principles he'd like to share for living, and he would like to carve them on stone tablets.
And if you buy all of this, and you think life is about computation, as I do, then you look at big questions through the eyes of a computer scientist.
So suddenly we had this area that we were protecting, but now it appeared to be dead, at least in the coral areas.
But they were willing for us to apply technologies from other areas that already had failsafe mechanisms to this building.
At the same time, however, Kanner noticed that some of his young patients had special abilities that clustered in certain areas like music, math and memory.
But before we did the first experiments, we actually asked Art Caplan's team at the University of Pennsylvania to undertake a review of what the risks, the challenges, the ethics around creating new species in the laboratory were because it hadn't been done before.
For instance, I am no longer 47, although this is the age I feel, and the age I like to think of myself as being.
So developing nations and first-world nations, imagine if you could take these wild plants and consume them, food miles would basically turn into food feet.
Now — — So we now know that we are able to transfer enormous amount of currents inside superconductors, so we can use them to produce strong magnetic fields, such as needed in MRI machines, particle accelerators and so on.
Who are you spending time with? On what topics? Where are you traveling? What are you reading? And then how are you distilling this into understanding potential discontinuities, and then making a decision to do something right now so that you're prepared and ready?
Now we know that a root apex has just a few hundred cells that show this kind of feature, but we know how big the root apparatus of a small plant, like a plant of rye.
I believe in consistency, when possible, real-world equivalents, trash can folder, when possible, label things, mostly.
I thought about this in the sense that it's great to build in biological materials, but can we do similar things?
We asked students who were walking by to participate in a study, and we took a shot with a webcam, and we asked them to fill out a survey on a laptop.
And we do know that in domestic animals and others, when they're play deprived, they don't — and rats also — they don't develop a brain that is normal.
They knew that a fundamental piece falls into place when you start to live out their little phrase, when you come into contact with yourself.
But what was surprising to us, and also quite exciting, is we also found bacteria that normally inhabit upper respiratory systems.
If plants aren't pollinated by the pollinators, then all creatures, including ourselves, that depend on these plants, would starve.
Shouldn't we just provide pills and procedures and just make sure we focus on the task at hand? "Certainly, rescuing people at the water's edge is important enough work.
If you happen to live in a part of the world where none of this applies, then you don't need an alternative education.
An early coastal migration along the south coast of Asia, leaving Africa around 60,000 years ago, reaching Australia very rapidly, by 50,000 years ago.
And the image that comes to your mind when I say that word is probably not of Benjamin Franklin, but I'm going to explain to you why it should be.
Two generations ago, Korea had the standard of living of Afghanistan today, and was one of the lowest education performers.
The point is, that person made a career out of using the Freedom of Information Act to advance his cause.
So we decided to create a comic book, where the cartoon characters would enact these stories and educate girls about menstruation in a fun and engaging way.
So what does the learning zone look like? Take Demosthenes, a political leader and the greatest orator and lawyer in ancient Greece.
We're not trying to get it down to just a few cases, because this disease is like a root fire; it can explode again if you don't snuff it out completely.
And besides, skylines are highly specific urban habitats with their own insects, plants and animals, and even their own weather.
And after doing this for a long time, and the Media Lab passing the baton on, I thought, "Well, maybe it's time for me to do a project.
And it's this stuff in the middle here, which is what you do if you don't stop the emissions quickly enough.
But then we hit a new challenge, and that's the number of skilled prosthetists who are able to fit knees.
Our investigator posed as an African minister who wanted to move suspect funds into the United States to buy a house, a yacht, a jet.
You're responsible for your own slice of territory and for every single square mile of the earth's surface and the atmosphere above it.
Enter women, and our fear of every part of their anatomy, unless we are the ones using their sexiness.
So, I decided to go and make it my new mission to go through all these proteins, and see which ones could serve as a bio-marker for pancreatic cancer.
So the different tricks that Matthieu and I and others know about increasing the amount of positive emotion in your life are 15 to 20 percent tricks, getting more of it.
Around 1,600 Hazara members had been killed in various attacks, and around 3,000 of them were injured, and many of them permanently disabled.
And for those of you that weren't there, the LHC is the largest scientific experiment ever attempted — 27 kilometers in circumference.
In the same way, Qatar is trying to grow its national museums through an organic process from within.
Just for giving me his car keys, my own brother was detained twice, and he was harassed to the point he had to quit his job as a geologist, leave the country with his wife and two-year-old son.
According to the official rules of massively multiplayer thumb-wrestling, this makes you a grandmaster of the game.
But occasionally, they do reach into the human medical community, particularly for some speciality consultation, and I was one of the lucky physicians who was invited in to help.
At the same time that we're solving for climate change, we're going to be building cities for three billion people.
It's a box-set solution from the World Bank where we come in and we do all the things you need to attract private-sector investors.
So I remained with them, and the more I wrote that story, the more I got into those beliefs, and I think that's important for me — to take on the beliefs, because that is where the story is real, and that is where I'm gonna find the answers to how I feel about certain questions that I have in life.
But the paintings become very complex, because I think the fields that are supporting them, they're billowing, and they're interpenetrating, and they're interference patterns.
And if the answer is no, would you please give me your mayor's phone number, because I need some advice.
They realize that ordinary students have extraordinary talents, and they personalize learning opportunities.
When the cancer advanced and Paul shifted from surgery to writing, his palliative care doctor prescribed a stimulant medication so he could be more focused.
And the simplest way that I knew how to co-opt myself into that experience of wanting to be in that song somehow was to just get a band together of fellow nine-year-olds and play "Wild Boys" at the school talent show.
So, in tennis, every point is either good for you and bad for the other person, or good for them, bad for you.
I approach each project with a new insecurity, almost like the first project I ever did, and I get the sweats, I go in and start working, I'm not sure where I'm going — if I knew where I was going, I wouldn't do it.
Far too often, the responsibility is attributed to female survivors of sexual violence, and not to the males who enact it.
What they didn't tell us is that some carbs are better than others, and that plants and whole grains should be supplanting eating junk food.
Now, this wouldn't be an exact replica, because the short DNA fragments that I told you about will prevent us from building the exact structure, but it would make something that looked and felt very much like a woolly mammoth did.
And as I discovered these threats to consciousness and how they are surrounding the world and enveloping the lives of more and more people every day, I discovered what truly remained.
But drinking 60 great wines over three days, they all just blurred together, and it became almost a grueling experience.
So it's not that entropy must always increase — you can get fluctuations into lower entropy, more organized situations.
At Microsoft Applied Sciences, along with my mentor Cati Boulanger, I redesigned the computer and turned a little space above the keyboard into a digital workspace.
Acinetobacter is a nasty hospital bug, and carbapenem is pretty much the strongest class of antibiotics that we can throw at this bug.
As a tribute to her trauma, she commissioned Montreal-based architect Federico Carbajal to construct a wire sculpture of her damaged lower leg.
The other thing we have not done is that our economies retain the same structure that we've had for decades.
So experts feared that without him keeping a lid on things, the country would explode, or religious extremists would take over and turn Indonesia into a tropical version of Iran.
I would like to see if this audience would — no, you haven't practiced, as far as I know — can you get it together to clap in sync?
Well, as it said in my introduction, I've gotten somewhat known for saying that patients should have access to their data.
And yet, for many new working mothers, this is the only place during the day that they can find to make food for their newborn babies.
If you wanted to get 16 lightbulbs' worth, then we're talking about these eight hexagons down at the bottom right.
Ever since, all development in Bhutan is driven by GNH, a pioneering vision that aims to improve the happiness and well-being of our people.
So what if we had better models in the lab that could not only mimic us better than rats but also reflect our diversity?
So again, this is another one of those playful activities that, as we get older, we tend to forget and we have to relearn.
We've asked older and younger people to view faces in laboratory studies, some frowning, some smiling.
In other words, if you've screwed up electrical signals, maybe, by putting other electrical signals from a computer in the brain, we can counteract that.
So, soon after my arrival, I had confirmed something which I had already known; that my instruments come from the heart of modern Europe, yes.
One particular thing we might look at, in terms of long-term flows of people, is what percentage of the world's population is accounted for by first-generation immigrants?
Humans are so amazing — how we think, our non-linear approaches, our creativity, iterative hypotheses, all very difficult if possible at all for computers to do.
And who would have thought that scientists trying to cure malaria could come up with breakthroughs in biofuels?
The other factor, by the way, those of you who are parents, was being teased by family members about their weight.
In the technology world, a killer app is an application so transformative that it creates its own market, like Uber.
This is Avery Fisher Hall, but the notion of junk — visual junk — was very, very important to us, to get rid of visual noise.
On top of this, when you get so many animals so close together, it creates a breeding ground for disease and opportunities for harm and abuse.
Twenty-three years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system, and a motorbike can be the easiest way to get around.
And I got my daughter's Barbie doll dish, I put it right where a bunch of carpenter ants were making debris fields, every day, in my house, and the ants were attracted to the mycelium, because there's no spores.
And the truth is that there are very different kinds of luxury, and there's luxury that is relative for people that don't have that much.
So I was highly motivated to understand the relationship between business success and Scrappers, because my life could easily have turned out very differently.
So in this one, you see the map of Africa, you see the questions, you see crying, and there you see syringes plugged into Africa and the natural resources being drained out.
This has been a big, big transition time, and I believe that this conference can play a big part for all of us in taking us forward to the next stage to whatever's next.
