We started OpenAI seven years ago because we felt like something really interesting was happening in AI and we wanted to help steer it in a positive direction. 
It's honestly just really amazing to see how far this whole field has come since then.
And it's really gratifying to hear from people like Raymond who are using the technology we are building, and others, for so many wonderful things. 
We hear from people who are excited, we hear from people who are concerned, we hear from people who feel both those emotions at once.
Above all, it feels like we're entering an historic period right now where we as a world are going to define a technology that will be so important for our society going forward. 
So today, I want to show you the current state of that technology and some of the underlying design principles that we hold dear.
So the first thing I'm going to show you is what it's like to build a tool for an AI rather than building it for a human.
So we have a new DALL-E model, which generates images, and we are exposing it as an app for ChatGPT to use on your behalf. 
And that is something that really expands the power of what it can do on your behalf in terms of carrying out your intent. 
And I'll point out, this is all a live demo. This is all generated by the AI as we speak.
Now it's saved for later, and let me show you what it's like to use that information and to integrate with other applications too.
So if you do make this wonderful, wonderful meal, I definitely want to know how it tastes.
And this, I think, shows a new way of thinking about the user interface.
Like, we are so used to thinking of, well, we have these apps, we click between them, we copy/paste between them, and usually it's a great experience within an app as long as you kind of know the menus and know all the options.
And by having this unified language interface on top of tools, the AI is able to sort of take away all those details from you. 
So you don't have to be the one who spells out every single sort of little piece of what's supposed to happen.
And as I said, this is a live demo, so sometimes the unexpected will happen to us.
And that's something that I think shows that they're not going away, traditional UIs. 
But we actually have to do a second step, too, which is to teach the AI what to do with those skills.
We are at the dawn of a new age of warfare.
I grew up in the birthplace of a technology that defined the last era of warfare, the atomic bomb. 
My parents were both scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Their scientific work in plasma fluid dynamics will have deep implications for how we understand our universe. 
So naturally, I knew I wanted to work on something just as impactful. 
I decided to become a programmer and study artificial intelligence.
AI is one of the most critical technologies of our time and with deep implications for national security and democracy globally. 
As we saw in World War II with the atomic bomb, the country that is able to most rapidly and effectively integrate new technology into warfighting wins.
There's no reason to believe this will be any different with AI.
But in the AI arms race, we're already behind.
From a technological perspective, China is already ahead of the United States in computer vision AI.
In terms of military implementations, they're outspending us: adjusted for total military budget, China's spending ten times more than the United States.
Why are we so far behind?
Despite having the largest fleet of military hardware in the world, most of the data from this fleet is thrown away or inaccessible, hidden away on hard drives that never see the light of day.
In an AI war, everything boils down to data.
For defense AI, data from the internet is not enough.
Most of the data needs to come from our military assets, sensors and collaborations with tech companies.
Military commanders need to know how to use data as a military asset.
Somewhere along the line, tech leaders decided that working with the government was taboo.
As a technologist, I'm often asked how I'm bettering this world. 
The Ukraine war has demonstrated that the nature of war has changed. 
Through AI overmatch, Ukraine is challenging an adversary with far superior numbers of troops and weapons.
So when I was born in China in the early 1980s, my country was still a place of scarcity. 
We lived on rationed food, cooked from communal kitchens. 
And even in Beijing had three nights of blackouts every week. 
I remember reading poems with my father by candlelight, a special memory from times when Chinese people had little.
And fast forward three decades, China has turned into a country of abundance, especially when it comes to technological power. 
From high tech to business tech to everyday tech, there isn't anything you can't find, only things you can't imagine. 
I can buy a can of Coke by scanning my face.
A few years ago, I called for toothpaste from my hotel room, and it was delivered to me by a robot.
I've seen people live in remote Tibetan mountains blast off cool music with Walkmans powered by solar cells.
and Chinese solar technology light up homes for African kids who used to study by candlelight, just like me when I was growing up.
So this striking swell of innovation happened even though China remains a developing country, with just a little more than 10,000 dollars of per capita GDP.
So today I want to offer you a different lens to look through, one that shows a unique model that has fostered innovation and technological growth.
Now the system is far from perfect.
And like you, I worry about the rising tensions of a tech race and beyond.
But I also believe that, as in any relationship, a better understanding of each other is going to help us more likely to find common goals to work on rather than a downward spiral that harms all.
So I'm an economist, straddling multiple worlds, as it turns out.
So let's start out with how China's innovating. 
Whatever makes us leaner, cleaner and more productive, all count.
It conducted the first quantum video call, and it launched the first drone that can carry a passenger in air.
Now, yes, many of you would say China's got money, markets, talent and troves of data, which is so critical in this information age. 
So turning an idea or scientific discovery into commercial success requires an innovation ecosystem.
The collaboration of universities, national labs and industries, not to mention enormous amount of funding that covers long and uncertain investment cycles.
Now, many of you might think that groundbreaking technologies are the products of stars, the likes of Steve Jobs or Elon Musks.
But every time you use the internet, the GPS or yell at your Alexa, you have the US government to thank for. 
Now in the West, we often talk about "nudging" consumers to make better choices. 
But in China, mass adoption of next-gen transportation happened like that.
But that's not actually the story I want to tell you. 
There's an even more nuanced story that happens on the ground.
We call it the “mayor economy,” and it's a decentralized economic model that galvanizes creativity from the ground up. 
And contrary to popular perception, it isn't a centralized approach dominated by an almighty state.
It used to be an easy question to answer.
If you're over 45 like me, you grew up in a world that was dominated by two giants.
The United States called the shots on one side of the Wall, the Soviets set the rules on the other.
And then about 15 years ago, things got a little more complicated.
The United States increasingly didn't want to be the world's policeman or the architect of global trade or even the cheerleader for global values.
Other countries were becoming more powerful, and they could increasingly ignore many of the rules they didn't like, sometimes even setting new rules themselves.
A former great power now in very serious decline and they are angry about it.
We can argue about whose fault that is, but we are where we are. 
Number two, China was integrated into US-led institutions on the presumption that as they got wealthier and more powerful, they would become Americans.
Turns out, they're still Chinese.
Number three, tens of millions of citizens in the United States and other wealthy democracies felt left behind by globalization.
This has been ignored for decades.
But as a consequence, they felt that their governments and their leaders were more illegitimate.
And that's why today we live in a leaderless world.
But as we know, that's not going to be with us for long.
What kind of a world order might we expect over the next ten years?
Some of what I might say I think will surprise you.
Because we're not going to have a bipolar or a unipolar or even a multipolar world.
If we don't have one or two superpowers, we don't have a single global order.
But first things first. Today, we have a global security order.
The United States and its allies are the most powerful players on it. 
The US is the only country in the world that can send its soldiers and its sailors and its military equipment to every corner of that world.
China is growing in its military capabilities in Asia, though nowhere else.
Lots of American allies in Asia are concerned about that.
And as a consequence, they're becoming more dependent on the United States for a security umbrella. 
With the Russian invasion of Ukraine, US allies in Europe are becoming more concerned and dependent on the United States and a US-led NATO.
Now, Russia and China and others have nuclear weapons, but thank God it is still suicide to use them.
And as a consequence, our security order is a unipolar order and it is likely to remain so for the next decade.
Now at the same time that there's a security order, there's also a global economic order.
The United States is still a very robust global economy.
So the European Union has the largest common market and they set the rules.
